chaos is spreading around the globe we
always thought alien life would come
from the stars but it came from deep
beneath the sea portal between
dimensions in the Pacific Ocean
something out there had discovered us
they counted on the humans to hide to
give up to fail initiating launch
operations danger they never
considered our ability to stand
that we would rise to the challenge
Islands ready to connect let's go
fishing
- engage to activate the Jaeger
today at the edge of our hope at the end
of our time
we have chosen to believe in each other
today we face the monsters in our door
today we are canceling the apocalypse
you